I have already treated the patient inside.
If you go in now
Who is responsible for the three long and two short patients inside?
Could it be that you want to kill our patient?
What a lie
You two are not capable
Going into a game is wanton
Coming out is to heal and save people, right?
My senior sister's medical skills are outside the door
Going in now is a lot of harm
You two told you everything, didn't you?
You and I don't want to talk nonsense with you here Dean
everyone
That's it.
Let's not discuss these issues now.
In my opinion, uh, what Doctor Gao said just now
Patients can't come back to life, right?
Ah patient nonsense
Get ready now
Hahaha
Dean, do you believe what they say?
I think this Doctor Gao is simply abusive.
top-up generation
As for why he is here
I see
I just think this surgery plan is perfect
It's complicated.
Want to take this opportunity to enhance your reputation?
Even if the surgery fails
It can also be justified by the complexity of the surgery
To get rid of your own suspicion
You don't spill blood here
I spat blood
Then since it is not so
Why won't you let us in?
Are you afraid of your handshake?
It was discovered
I'm not messing around.
This is a hospital.
Even if you want to go in
Then you have to ask the family members if they agree.
I agree with Luo Yunjie I agree
Please help me
Please be fine
Don't cry
I'll go in and have a look too
Humph
Miss Zhong
I hope you don't regret today's decision.